Fly-By-Night Airline Booking - Guide
    The booking system has six different functions accessible by the flight attendant. 
  The six tasks that the system can achieve include booking a seat, canceling a seat, viewing the seats remaining, canceling the 
  entire flight, and terminating the system which serves as a reset. 
  
     Once opening the software you will be greeted with a choice based on which flight you would like to do the given tasks on. 
   The airline will always have three options for flights as they are ordered based on flight time so add passengers onto flight one 
   first. After choosing a flight a basic menu will appear with the six prompts mentioned. 

Prompt#1
     Choosing prompt one will allow you to book a seat. The program will ask which seat you would like to book, as you must type 
     in the correct seat number to book the seat. The seats go as follows: A1, A2, B1, B2, C1, C2, D1, D2, E1, E2. If you incorrectly type
     the seat, or type an non existing seat (Ex.b1) the program will tell you that it is an invalid seat. In this case make sure the seat
     number is correct before going into the next step. If the seat is booked however, it will tell you. Once you correctly input the seat
     number the program will need the information of the customer you are booking for. After entering the information the seat will be 
     booked and it will be placed into the database.
Prompt#2
     Canceling a seat works very similar to booking one. The program works the same way starting with inputting the seat that you wish
     to reopen for purchase. If the seat is recognized, it will automatically free up the seat, as well as refunding the customer. 
     Remember if the seat is typed incorrectly or you input an incorrect seat the program will recognize it and allow you to choose again.
Prompt#3
      If you choose the third prompt it allows you to see what seats are still available for sale. A window will appear giving you the 
      current information on each seat. This will allow you to see what seats are still open and which ones not to book. This function 
      is used in order to avoid overbooking.
Prompt#4
       In the case of an emergency, you must be prepared to cancel the flight as a whole. The prompt allows you to do in a clean
       and organized manner. After entering the designated number you will see that a list of information is printed in front of you. 
       This information is of the current passengers on the flight, as it provides you with the last name, first name, address, and 
       phone number you entered prior. You must reach out to the individuals listed in the case of a cancel in order to provide them
       with a full refund. No compensations will be made in this situation, only refunds.
Prompt#5
       This prompt is used when it reaches time for the flight to take off. The plane does not need to be full in order to take off 
       as there might be situations where it’s flight time and some seats might be empty. Once it has reached flight time it and it 
       is confirmed with the staff you may proceed. Once you enter the corresponding number in the menu it will automatically print 
       the passengers manifest so be aware when the time is to do so. At this point there is no possible way for you to sell another 
       seat, as past this point it’s final. The information of the seats will be instantly sent to the staff aboard the plane. After 
       the manifest is printed the flight program must be reopened as this flight will no longer be on the available database.
Prompt#6
     This prompt will rarely be used but it’s purpose is simple. This will terminate the entire program as it used to prevent 
     undesignated individuals using the flight after work hours. After the final shift you must quit the program to make it ready 
     for the following day.

